# Pymaceuticals
Week 5 Homework
# Background
You've just joined Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specializes in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.
As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.
The executive team has tasked you with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked you for a top-level summary of the study results.

# Analysis

This study measured tumor volumes in a series of 249 mice with squamus cell carcinoma, over a 45 day period. The mice were divided among 10 different treatment groups, with one of the 10 groups being a placebo. Of the 9 drug regimens, Capomulin and Ramicane appear to be the most successful in reducing tumor volume. Those two regimens also had the greatest number of observed timepoints, with over 200 measurements recorded. Of the 249 mice, we measured data from 248, due to one of our Mouse IDs being a duplicate. Our drug of interest, Capomulin, showed very promising results, with final tumor volumes decreasing significantly between day 0 and about day 35. We followed the treatment of Mouse B128, specifically, in order to illustrate Capomulin's efficacy. Though we can see that the drug results in significant declines in tumor volumes in the mice we studied, it is not possible to determine specific correlation between each mouse's weight and tumor volume at each timepoint. Weight was only collected once during our study, so correlation could not be calculated. Further study is advised, possibly over a longer course of time, so we can explore why, in some cases, tumor volume began to increase between about days 35-45. Weighing our mice at each timepoint would also be helpful in order to uncover any possible correlations between weight and tumor volume. The absence of a correlation could indicate another variable in need of further exploration. 
